Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Ladies.
-Yes. dear?
-Is everything okay?
Yes. everything is fine.
Well. you'll let me know
if you need anything else.
-Okay.
-Thank you.
Menzi.
Hmm?
At least pretend.
Pretend like you're mourning.
Do it for the kids.
So what do you want me to do? Cry?
Well. if you want me to cry.
then I'll do as you say.
I'll cry.
I'll even ask your father
and beg him to watch over us.
But you and I. we both know the truth.
that the only thing he's watching over
is a strip club.
You know. you confuse me. Menzi.
One minute you're best friends with Dad.
the next. he passes away
and you act as if you don't care.
Menzi. what's going on?
Let's drop this topic.
It's complicated.
I know Dad wanted you
to be like him. be him.
but you didn't have to do that.
And you know why?
You were always better.
Oh. Menzi. You're here?
Hi. Uncle.
You're hiding in the kitchen with women?
The men are outside. working.
-Come on.
-You want to be a man. right?
Your mother can't do
everything for you. Let's go.
-Ah. come on. Whoa.
-Leave that. Uh-uh.
Throw it out.
While you come outside with me.
There's no one here?
Why would you get
such an expensive Versace suit?
That man had so many other suits. Why?
Stop it. Mom.
It's not your money.
-Stop counting it.
-Forget it.
Do you honestly think this is a good idea?
What? To bury my husband?
Do you have a problem with that?
No. not at all. Not at all.
It's really not a problem.
-Oh.
-It's just that I was thinking.
I think we should make a plan.
get Joyce a corpse that she can bury.
So that she can also have a burial.
No. no. no. I don't care about Joyce.
I've danced to her tune for far too long.
She didn't even let me see Jonasi
during his last days.
I didn't get to say goodbye.
I couldn't even tell him
that I forgive him.
Okay.
Mrs Gomora. my deepest condolences.
Thank you.
Uh. listen.
we've brought my husband's suit.
I want him to be buried in it.
Excuse me?
What's wrong?
Uh… …it's just that your
husband's body has already been collected.
It was collected by his other wife.
She doesn't know me.
I'll destroy her.
Listen here. you're nothing
but an ant to me.
I will crush you. you hear me?
You're brave now?
Enough to steal people's corpses?
Be brave enough
to answer your freaking phone!
The telephone number
you called is not available at the moment.
-Magesh. did you know about this?
-What are you talking about?
I'm asking you if you knew
about this thing Essie is doing?
Would I be here if I knew?
I know nothing about this.
And? Can you get hold of Sarah?
Uh. Mom. It's just ringing.
She's not picking up.
Okay. call Freedom. Call Freedom.
Freedom's phone has been
on voicemail since this morning.
I swear. Essie will know who I am today.
She doesn't know me.
Joyce. calm down.
-You're going to have a heart attack.
-No. Mom!
I had to share my husband
when he was alive.
I'd be damned
if I share him now when he's dead.
"Even as I walk
through the valley of the shadow of death.
I will have no fear. for He is with me."
Can I get an amen?
Amen.
As we release these doves.
let those who loved and hated him
allow his soul to rest in peace.
I'm going to Soweto now.
And I'm going to fix this fucking madness!
Get in the car!
-Keep an eye on her.
-Let's go!
Oh. Jonasi.
Oh. Jonasi has left me.
Why did you leave me?
What the fuck is this circus?
Essie! Essie!
Who the fuck do you think you are exactly?
-Huh? Go ahead. Take him.
-I'm his wife!
You have no right to do this.
Do you hear me?
We've buried him.
What are you going to do? Nothing.
You see. now. I'm going to take him
and go bury him how I like.
Joyce. you want to take his body
to get back at me? Huh?
-You didn't want him anymore. You're evil.
-Hey!
You stole my husband's corpse.
What did you want me to do?
You wouldn't let me see him.
You knew he was dying.
knowing we were together.
You're evil!
After all these years.
I allowed you into my heart.
I allowed you into my life. my family.
my home. but all along you were lying.
Listen. I'll kill you before
I let you take this body. You hear me?
Essie. do not let this class fool you
into thinking I'm an idiot.
As for today.
there's gonna be hell to pay.
No. No!
Magesh! No! Magesh!
Magesh!
So then. listen to me
and mark my words carefully.
You're not allowed
at my husband's funeral.
If I get a whiff or even smell
that lowlife disgusting odour of yours.
I will call the police so fast.
you'll be arrested for trespassing.
-Magesh. talk to this woman.
-Essie. Essie!
What do you expect me to do?
Magesh. please talk to her.
I'm sorry. Essie.
My hands are tied.
There's nothing I can do.
Mom. Wait.
Oh!
I'm sorry.
I spoke to Dad on the day that he died.
He asked me
to make sure you're taken care of.
That was his last wish.
I want you to know the day that he died…
…he was thinking of you.
You're going to be okay.
Mom!
Just one more day.
-Hi. how are you?
-How are you. Joyce?
-I'll be inside.
-Okay. I'll see you inside.
Joyce.
It's been a while.
Ashley.
Hayley.
Hello.
Come say hello to Mommy.
There's no road
To heaven
That goes…
Where you want to go
Jo.
Things could've ended
so differently for you and I.
You thought and believed you knew better.
You ruined everything…
…we have built together.
Well. look at you now. Jonasi.
At the end of it all…
death…
has finally separated us.
You will never. ever break my heart again.
Motherfucker.
Thank you.
Let's bow our heads and pray.
Our Father in heaven.
-your Word says. "Where two or three"--
-Gomora!
Why did you leave me?
-You Jezebel! Get out!
-Mm-mmm. I have the right to bury my man.
-Go outside.
-I wanna bury my man!
-Shut up!
-I wanna bury my man.
Get out!
Move. Move it!
Move. Get out of here.
She really loved him.
I'd like to call Joyce
to come give a few words.
Amen. saints.
Beautiful home
My home
Let me enter
The gate
Those who hunger
The mockers
And the needy
Will be shepherded
By the Lamb
They are already in You
My home
Oh. they will be shepherded
-By the Lamb
-Menzi.
I'm sorry about your father.
I don't even know why I'm crying
because I lost my father a long time ago.
You'll be all right. okay?
I'd now like to call Mpume Gomora
to come and read his obituary.
-Amen.
I greet you all.
Standing before you is Mpume Gomora
the daughter of Jonasi Gomora.
I'd like to thank you all for
coming today to bury our father with us.
I'm sorry. but I'd like to
change the programme slightly.
I'd like to call my
brothers and sisters to come forward.
Nkazimulo and the twins.
Ashley and Hayley.
And Sarah.
My dad was a very complex man.
And you couldn't confirm him.
He was loving.
I was his favourite.
Even though he never said it.
The way he treated me.
Dad loved me.
Jonasi Gomora was a very easy man to love…
…and hate. all at the same time.
I think that most of you
could testify to that.
I don't know if I'd be lying if I said…
…the best parts of my dad
were made by the women in his life.
Matipa taught him about determination.
and loving someone against all odds.
And then there's Mom Essie.
Mom Essie. well. she taught my dad
the importance of culture
and the importance of family.
To laugh
and be happy.
To dance like no one's watching.
To live.
My mother.
Joyce Gomora.
My mother taught my father to have class.
And to love your family.
Prioritizing your family.
Tell me. Jo.
Do you remember Lungi?
What are people going to say?
I think I may be lost.
Well. Jonasi. do you know that
you're here in this state today
because of her.
You hit me.
I'm a bastard?
And then you raped me.
He was busy sleeping around with
all these bitches he came across.
Then he gives me HIV?
Lungi. I want you…
to infect my husband with HIV.
I want his insatiable need he has
to have sex with every single…
…woman he meets
to be the very thing that kills him.
My dad was reckless.
He believed that his actions
had no consequences.
And the cherry on top.
Menzi has been playing you like a fiddle…
…so you could change your will.
You're my heir.
Everything goes to you.
I will never give birth to a child
that will be like you…
Joyce.
Because Menzi will never be like you.
Mr Gomora.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-